I want to be a professional of course, I mean it's
my dream to play professional football and such. And
well, last year I was playing for
Joset, a team in the Balearic Islands, in
Mallorca for the youth team. My last year as a
youth team and also with the amateur team,
with the second team, I play as a
midfielder and well, last year I
really enjoyed it in Mallorca and such. I was
injured for a few months or so with the
torbillo but it doesn't matter, I was
playing very well for the team and such and I was very
happy, very happy now with the
situation. Well, yes, I have to help
my family a little, my father and my
sister. I wanted to return this year to
play in Mallorca because last year I
was playing very well, I was
training sometimes with the first team
and such. And I wanted to return because if I go
with the first team it will be this year and well, I already
had my opportunity and such. Sometimes
we have to think more about the family than
about me. You know, I mean, I have to think more
about my sister and my father because I know
that the situation is very bad
right now. You know, there are
quite strong interviews that your mother has done
there in Thailand. You had  knowledge
of these interviews that are
moving now
[Music]
Recovery
PR
[Music]
control sh
I knew that she has done some but I did
not know about what I mean I know that she
wanted to talk a little about what you have been
through in your life and such and about your
children and her problems that she had I did
not know what she has said I have not
heard what my mother has said
Now when they have started to move have you
seen the interviews Yes yes yes and what
things has she said So it has impacted you
a lot about drugs and such And what has
happened in your life I mean the
drug issue for me is very strong Because I
know I know what you have been through I was there
with her with my family
oc
very bad you said it in my house when I
was I don't know or or 7 years old because things like that
you know for me it is a very strong subject and
I do not like to talk about it but I
think that now I can talk about the subject
because I was thinking giving duos and now I
am ready to talk about
the programs that your
father has been doing defending her throughout these
years and such let's see she was quite
idealized, endorsed  even I would say
then I was very surprised man
when I saw her so openly
talking about those
intim 3
Yeah, I mean me too, I mean my father
tried to change the story a little for
her because the truth of what you've been
through is very strong and we have to
try to help and change a little of
the story Because if we say everything
that happens it's like my mother look it's very
strong it's very strong but you look at my
children You know my children and you know what they are like
and for me that's worth more than anything
so I'm
really sorry but I'll do it again it's like that's it's
clear you knew the real story
very very well or more the one embellished by your
father no I know what you've been through I
was there always I was there and
I know what's happening what you've been through
and what's going to happen so
for me I feel like my life is a
bit a bit like a lie no
because I was 7 years waiting for her
trying to go see her every week that I
couldn't because I had school and all and
after all that my mother
does all that and I'm like it can't
be it can't  is going through that
all that for money is crazy it's I don't
know she's like she has no shame you know
she's not thinking straight and I don't know what she's
thinking but she's not doing
things right You're welcome but more or less
What kind of episodes do they comment on in that
interview are there about drugs about
alcohol about her life before jail her
life in jail and her life after
jail
[Music]
timing timing
timing
[Music]
s petition fair
T
but the same problem and she can't
get out of where she was I mean she
's still in the bec in the place like before
She's still ti trauma from drugs
alcohol her children and such I mean I don't know
if they're lies or if they're true but I don't know I
mean she can say whatever she wants
but what you've been through I've seen
everything and I I know the truth either when she
mentions these things she mentions them
as something from the past or she talks about
present episodes for example I'm not
sure I mean she talks like it's something
that happened not that right now no yes yes
yes you know that that's how it is I know what you've
been through but she can talk whatever she
wants you know the subject is always
changing  I mean, one day it's one thing and the
next day it's something else and sometimes she always
makes things up because I don't know, she wants to
win on the subject of the situation, she
wants to win and sometimes she says a lot of
things and sometimes they're not true, they're true.
But the subject changes a little bit, you know, and it's
a little bit complicated to explain
here because there are a lot of things that she,
she's said in the news that came
out and such, you know, are you referring to the
interview in Spain? Yes, yes, okay, in the
interview in Spain. Well, basically, your
mother is trying to justify
asking your father for money in exchange for the
sanctuary, uh, she tries to
justify it by complaining that the pension she
gives your father is little and he
needs more, talking about 10,000 euros, which
in Spain is 100,000 baht, and another
100,000 baht because she's taking the
money from the rent of the sanctuary,
so we'd be talking about about 200,000
baht, which I don't know if that's all that's happening
to your father, but well, I think that it's more what's
happening to your father, but well, at
least we'll be talking about  200,000
bats that much pacha no Yes the truth yes, I
mean it's more than enough to live, I mean we're
talking about every month my
father pays her a lot of money January
2023 300,000 bats here we're talking
about 7,000 6 7,000 again in January again
in January he pays her 400,000 he pays her a little
more in February he pays her a little more
in February he pays her even more in March he
pays her even more in March he pays and he pays her
800,000 bats in April on the
anniversary date the month that starts he pays her
800,000 How much 800,000 in April he pays her
15,000 uncle Of course he reduces it look in
May he reduces it to 400 to almost 500,000
bats he reduces it to only 100,000
but again in July he pays her almost
400,000
300,000 in August 500 or in other words it's that  this
is outrageous Look look look look look
the month that pays her the least 100,000
But come on it's just one but it's not
just for her I mean it's now the castes
of the house of Water of the food
of my sister's school and when we
need money she doesn't have it I mean
one day my father asked her Hey can you
pay for cen school please And she
says I don't have money and my father is
like you don't have money I
just paid you you know you know what
pisses me off is that people are talking
with all their [ __ ] hearts But knowing
Where is she going that she's going to parties that she's going
to [ __ ] that she's going to go to a
new car that she's going to go on trips is what pisses
me off I mean
last year I gave her 112,000 transferred
112,000 man so that they could save for the
children but there has always been the agreement
that we save we save it in the
safe that I open the safe and there's
nothing there man and I say Hey the
Australian dollars Ah What  you think it doesn't
reach me I say
What is Oscar has gone crazy in 3
months and it's for
money for money
and sometimes the money I don't know where it goes I
mean she has money because my
father pays every month but no no like no like
100 more much more much more you know I mean
these 200000 BS are recognized by the
interview she gave in Spain
So at least that which is already a lot of
money she spends it and it's not enough yes I
mean she's saying that it's not
enough it's enough for what I mean
if she's living the life of the mother
who is at home cooking and is
supporting her daughter at home and has the
normal life as a mother what she has to
do because she wasn't with
my sister for 7 years and now she has to be the
mother that wasn't but she's not
doing it she wants to have a life like a
rich life I mean she wants to buy a
house and cars and goes out with her
friends and such But it's that you have a
14 year old daughter stay at home
cook you she do something with her she
is 14 years old you know and you weren't in  7
years she was not there and now my sister is
left alone because my father is
working. I was in Spain, my
brother was in Spain and well she is
left alone because my mother is never
home, it's crazy, I didn't know that the
situation is as bad as it is right now, I
was in Mallorca. I had my life out
there playing soccer and such. And they told me
well the situation at home, no, no, it's not going
well, I'm like, Ah well, that's what it
is, I'm sure it's nothing serious and
when she came back here from Mallorca for the
summer because I knew that the
situation is not going well, my mother,
brother, it's that she is never home, she
gets home at 12 at night and in
the morning when I get up at 9 she's not there,
there's no food at home, she leaves money on the table, I don't know, a little bit of money and Ah come on, buy yourself some food for your sister and such and I'm like, But how are you going to do that if you're the mother, you know, stay
home, stay home because you have a
daughter, for me it doesn't matter, I
can go buy myself food and eat and
I  I have my workouts and all and
sometimes I'm not home either because
I have my life too but she has to
stay home with her daughter money was
never the problem it was never the
problem it's that we have money but how
my mother is it does
n't seem normal to me I mean she has
money to do what she wants but it's
for your daughter It's for your family it's not
for you to go out to dinner with your
friends and you pay and she says Oh calm down
I'll pay well no you don't pay you pay my
father because the money isn't yours you don't
work it's that he's paying so much
money for a dinner but for all his
friends I mean and it's not like 30 bucks or 40 it's
like 100 200 you know it's a lot of money why is she
throwing money away like that when hey
well next month I'll pay I
think that she's missing a lot of things in her
life and she thinks that now that she's
more free I mean she doesn't have her children I mean
me and my brother at home She only has my
sister
now she's more free I can do what I
want and it's not like that I mean my sister
is 14 years old you can be  This age, I
mean, I mean, 14 to 16, can she change
like a good woman or you know, if she's
doing what she wants, no
one's home, can boys come to the house? It's just that
I don't know what she's doing, if
no one's home, she can do whatever she
wants, you know, and no, it doesn't seem
normal to me. No, it doesn't seem normal to me, it has to
be a normal life with rules, like a
14-year-old girl. In the morning until
3, go to school, okay, at 4 to 5:30,
soccer or dance or whatever, very well, you
get home. Ah, we have dinner, mom
cooks, eh,
cook whatever, but my mother is
home, we have food, normal life of a
14-year-old girl, no, how does she get there? She gets there
10,
11, 2
P.
Since I arrived here in this house
two months ago, my mother hasn't cooked at all
in two months, eh, two months that you
know. No, maybe yes,
yes, more, but since I
arrived, since I was here in
the house, no one cooks. No one cooks in the
house, I mean, my mother sometimes buys
food and and and there's food, but no, you
have to cook  you have to be at
home with your daughter supporting her you know it doesn't
seem normal to me that she's always weird and
doing whatever she wants it's not
normal and she's left alone my sister what's
going on it doesn't seem normal to me I try to
talk to her Many times about this
issue of having to be a mother and
having to do her job as a mother
but she doesn't listen to me I mean she goes off to
do whatever she wants like for example
yesterday I try to talk to her because she
said to me Hey we can talk and I said
What do you want to talk about because I don't
feel like talking to her after all
that you know and she said we can talk and I
said come on we'll talk but you're never
home So how are we going to talk she's
like okay And I said okay we'll talk
and now we start like you know that I
love you you don't know the word uh love and
the word angry and all that And she started
talking I neither do I understand what she
wanted to say but she wants to be the
victim and no she's not the
victim the victim is my sister the victim is my
father who is working all day
so that his children have a life a
future it's not her She's not
doing anything for the  family right now
as I see it she is not a mother she is not a
mother she is not doing the work of a
mother you know you feel that as if she has
betrayed you in some way and has
left the family unit that you
are United and
finish it off I can say now I mean I understand
that you have always all been United
not in the face of adversity no and all the
difficulties that you have had with the
issue of jail and such No in fact for
example you told me that more or less she
covered up the situation in jail a little
no that your mother did not consume no and
in the end It turns out that she does consume no
So you have always rowed like
all together and suddenly she has
like pushed you aside and has
other plans no I mean before when
my brother my sister
and my father were living here we have rules at home like
for example at 7 we have dinner together and at
8:3 and nine we watch a movie and
at 10 we go to bed because tomorrow we have
school normal no I mean family things
But right now no there is no that I mean I
get home at 7 for  example because
I have in training and the light
is off no one is home I
go up to my room my sister is
in hers and my
mother well well she is not there she is out I do not know where she is There is no food at home eh zen we have eh dinner No brother how is that going to happen with a 14 year old girl who has no food at
home It can not happen to you it can
happen to you but it is not once twice it is
always I come home and no one is there there is no
food it is not normal it is not
normal it does not seem normal to me at all and
what do you think has been the trigger for
this change in your mother Well this
change is not this this departure not from the
family unit I think it is her partner
her new partner she has changed a lot
I think it was her partner a lot because
if she is doing something wrong and she is a
good person in a relationship that she has it is going to be
said Hey you are not doing things
right eh You have to see what she is what she
is doing And look at it well I mean you
have a 14 year old daughter at home
it could be we have to stay eh more
time at home and when we have more
time we can go out sometimes once or twice
a week or whatever but no no she can't
be all day look look
now no one's home my
sister is in her room and my mother hasn't been home
since 8 in the morning but she'll have a
lot of work Maybe What job does
pasca have What job if he has so much work
Where is pasca Where is pasca
regarding the sanctuary issue what does she
tell you about what she's asking your father
Well I tried to ask her last night
because she wanted to talk and I said Hey
what are you doing you know what you
're doing and she says Well it's because
I need money for myself and my future and such
and she says but so much money but you're going
to sell your family for 7 million in
baht But are you going to sell your family your
relationships with your children for money it's
like no I don't know I don't understand I don't
understand anything and I I tried to talk
to her and and asked he tried to
ask her Why is she doing all of
that and she said Well because I don't trust
your father because I I can't
trust him if I change the name to
your name maybe He's leaving  to stop
paying me and I said okay and everything you've been
through in 7 years that
you were in jail and my father tried to go see
you every day that's not enough
yet you still don't trust him and he
says No I can't trust your father
and I said oh well very well if
your mother has blackmailed quote unquote
no that I mean you have to give
your father the 200,000 bucks or she won't give you
sanctuary you break off the relationship
with your mother I think that it's not going to
be the same as before anymore I mean I told him to his
face last night that what he's doing is
very ugly it disgusts me a lot what he's
doing that he's going to sell your
face and your family for money it's very ugly
and I'm never going to have the same
trust and relationship with you and I told him
to his face and he stops he's
like a [ __ ] beating and that's it dude Sometimes we have to
talk the truth you know it's never
going to be the same as anything because that's
hurting not only my father but
me my sister my brother  also and
my brother doesn't want to talk to her anymore
he's very stuck up and so am I and I
also know what the sanctuary means
for the family unit Ah It's a
very beautiful place very very different from I
mean there's no place like the sanctuary in
the world I mean yes there is but it's very unique I mean there's nothing like that it's
very different
because there are animals it's the sanctuary of de
la zunga very very you know it's like a
very beautiful place that we have and the
animals and such that are there you grew up
there and it's their homes I mean the
animals are there and such And now she
wants to sell I don't know if she wants to sell
but if not they don't pay her it could be that
the place is going to be sold of course you're
telling me that last night she tried to talk to you she
wasn't like a conciliator she was trying to make you
understand or convince you of something or
turn you against your father on my
part I try to speak as a son I don't
want to hurt because yes I don't
like what she's doing and I'll never
have the same trust and
relationship with her but in the end she's my
mother I can't say things to her face
I'm just that I can't eh from my heart I can't
I can't do that because it's
always going to be my mother it's very difficult
eh I try to talk like she did you
know and I told her, I mean I told her what I
feel what I that I
have eh I have as you say and I have
seen and what is happening and I told her
that I don't like what she's doing I
think it's very ugly and and that's it and and
already with her ways of speaking or I mean
like But you know that I love you and you
know that I don't want to hurt
anyone I don't know what but it's like her she
no don't see what she's doing it's like she does
n't give her arm to twist a little not even if
you talk to her yeah I mean she
's her She listens here and comes out here
she's doing whatever she
wants that's it just like she has gone to
talk to
or with you At least there hasn't been
a time when you've had an
uncomfortable situation at home And tense yes I
told her that she's not doing things
well with my mother as I see it and there are
situations that I feel very uncomfortable
when I'm at home for example her
partner no I don't like him I don't
like him because  since I was with
her you've changed a lot she's
getting into
[ __ ] do you get the impression because you've
seen something or simply because you don't like her
no I mean she may be a good person
but the way I see it she's not a good person she's not a
good person because if she is a good
person you could say look you're not
doing things right you have to
change you have a daughter she's 14 years old
you have to do things better and she's the
same as my mother she knows what she's not
doing
things right with my mother
and that she
praises you she tells you something your sister like
I'm always alone or I want to eat or
something like that that
's a bit of a complicated subject because she she's
alone but she likes it a
bit too because she's a bit free she
can do whatever she wants and she goes away you
know and she's like [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] is man she's going to come out to me with
my friends but it's not like that man it's just and and
if she stays with people [ __ ] it could
be very bad it could end badly and that's why she ca
n't stay in this house
because she's 14 years old and she has to
have a life with rules Jos there's no
more I still have soccer  Likewise, I don't care
what happens if I stay here for
three months without a contract. Well, that's how it is.
I'm going to train every day,
morning and afternoon, and I continue with my
job as a player, as a footballer.
You know, I have to continue. I don't know. I mean,
if I don't have a contract, I don't have a team.
Now, that's how it is, that's how it is, but I have to
continue as a player, as a
footballer, I can't go out to party, I
can't, I can't do what I want. I have to
eat well, rest well, and train.
And in three or four months, when the situation
is better, well, in December, I can
look for a team in Spain, in Brazil or
Argentina, wherever. You know, but I have to
continue as a player, as a person, and as a
player because, in the end, I am a
footballer and I have to continue as a
footballer on the path of a footballer, not as.
Oh, well, I'll stay in Thailand, and well, I'm
going to do what I want. No, I'll continue,
but the situation changes. You know, now I don't
have a team. Well, that's how it is. What do I do?
Well, keep training. And yes, things
change. I mean, now I don't have a team, I don't
have a contract. I thought I was going to
return to Mallorca or Spain or Europe,
but I can't right now, I can. I
prefer.  stay here until
my sister's situation improves
and try to support her than to go around with
my life knowing that at home my
sister and my father are doing badly, I can't go no, I ca
n't, I mean, I could uh, I could go right
now, I can go because my
family is not well, it's not well as a
brother, as a son, as a man, I love myself,
why do you think that the trigger is
money, no, I mean the reason is economic,
why is it that your mother is like this, don't you think it
could be for other reasons? No, I don't
think so because I love her, why hasn't he
done anything? My father has done very well
from the beginning, from day one that
she was in jail until the last
day, he was there always, always, but
always every day trying to go see her,
try to buy her food and things like that, he
was always supporting her, revenge, it's
not what he wants, what I see is
money, there's already money. [
Laughter] [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Had